Update NAP Doc - Configure App Protect WAF - Custom Policies (#1041)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/app-protect/configure-waf.md

3. Select **Custom Policies**
4. Select **Add Custom Security Policy** to open the policy editor

> In the policy editor, enter the **Name**, **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**. The **File path** is not optional and is automatically generated in the portal, defaulting to the path "/etc/app_protect/conf/" plus the policy **Name** with a ".json" extension. After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).

Reviewer: Thanks for the reference. Since the UI disables **Save** "... when the name, file path or content is empty and when they fail their respective validations", all we need is:

```suggestion
In the policy editor, enter the **Name** with a `.json` extension, **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**. 

After your policy has been saved, you can reference it in your NGINX configuration. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).
```

> In the policy editor, enter the **Name**, **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**. The **File path** is not optional and is automatically generated in the portal, defaulting to the path "/etc/app_protect/conf/" plus the policy **Name** with a ".json" extension. After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).

Reviewer: @happyhd, I like your basic approach. Here's my new suggestion:

```suggestion
In the policy editor:

- Enter the **Name** (as a filename), **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**. 
   - Be sure to append the filename with `.json`
      The **File path** is automatically generated with /etc/app_protect/conf/as the default policies folder

After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).
```
